hi Jimmy what's up you guys Jim here
with another review for teen wolf season
3 and this is episode 8 and it's titled
visionary in this episode Scott Allison
and stiles are told stories by the most
unlikely of narrators Scott Nelson
trying to find out seeking out answers
about the alphas their stories told by
Gerard which just lets you know both
these stories I would guess takes place
at least 10 years ago and in his story
we get to hear about how Deucalion had
first started the killing your own pack
to become stronger and how he became
blind and a secret about it and also we
get to hear a little bit of an origin
story on werewolves how they were first
created and about we get to see more
hail which if you don't know who she is
that is Derek's older sister which she
died in the very first episode of Teen
Wolf uh in his story I thought was
interesting to hear about all these
truths revealed and in styles it was
told by Peter which his story is more of
a kind of a backstory on Derek how he
became who he is and it kind of tells
you how a wolf some Wolf's have blue
eyes instead of yellow which when you
kill someone it tears it tears a part of
your soul and to enjoy their eyes blue
and because Derek he had fell in love
and a girl with a girl in high school
and end up in the end having to kill her
and I'd have to say after hearing that
story I same is pretty emotional it was
a more emotional than last week's
episode because this is more of the
romance type of emotional and it was
just kind of weird seeing that Derek had
fallen in love with a girl once before
and on the first story I thought it's
just weird because when you're hearing
the story Deucalion Liam Deucalion was
about peace at one time which I thought
that was totally weird but although I
liked this episode it was enjoyable not
answers we wanted to know the truth
about but i was still interesting to
hear them and also just to give you a
little heads up in the next few episodes
or so the show will be going on it's
summer break or would also call it
summer finale so we won't be seeing teen
wolf from that point on for a few months
which actually be returning in January
if I'm correct and I just want to know
what you guys what all of you are going
to be doing between those two times I
mean are there certain show new or
returning shows you're going to be
watching is there new video games are
going to be playing on me a couple of
the few of the new shows I'm going to be
watching I'm gonna be watching hulking
agents of smash but I don't really have
any hopes of that being good because the
foul shows have been here recently like
that I'm gonna be checking out Fox's
Sleepy Hollow which is appealing to me
and also agents of shield which I'm
really excited and pumped for that TV
show is actually coming September 24th
and if I'm correct it's going to be a
Wednesday night show and usually I have
nothing planned for Wednesday nights so
that's good and why do it I think if I'm
correct a once upon a time in wonderland
and once upon a time come at the at in
September also i'm not one hundred
percent sure but that's one thank him
but let me know what you think of the
episode whether you like swear were your
these legs were they the same as mine or
were they different and where you going
to do between the summer break and you
know the return I think it's good having
the this double long season because for
the break your you're not waiting as
long as you usually would for new
episodes of Teen Wolf because we be
waiting the freaking may be waiting like
almost a year for new episodes 10 months
i would say nine have funds so i think
this is a lot better i hope from now on
that the show the seasons of the show is
somewhere around 20 episodes because i'm
i'm liking this double long season but
for more news and reviews on movies
video games comic books and more go to
bkb annette and separate your honor them
in a big way i'm jim eat until next time
bye
you